README.md, before:

# twitter-image-poster
Post (random) images on Twitter.

Created for posting pictures created with [Auto1111](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111) Stable Diffusion AI.<br>
It will automatically use tags (__/\B(\#[a-zA-Z0-9]+\b)/g__) from the positive prompt that is stored in the png meta data of the generated images as text in the Twitter post.

## Instructions
1. Checkout or download this project.
2. Install [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/download) if not done before.
3. Type __npm install__ in __cmd__ in the root folder of this project to install all needed packages.
4. Set your Twitter API in the config.js (find them on https://developer.twitter.com/en/portal/dashboard, login and create an app __with writing rights__).
5. Put your images in the __images__ folder.
6. npm start

Posted images will be moved to the foler __images-sent__ if exists (must be created if wanted).

## Single post or repeating

Switch (comment in/out) between the following code blocks in __image-tweeter.js__ at the end of the file:

	tweetRandomImage();
	
For posting only one image directly, or

	setInterval(() => {
		tweetRandomImage();
	}, config.repeatSeconds * 1000);
	
To post repeatedly every __repeatSeconds__ seconds (can be changed in the __config.js__ file).

## Example

Result of an image that contains the following Meta data:

	octane render \(#octaneRender\), #hdr, (#hyperdetailed:1.15), (soft light\(#softLight\), #sharp:1.2), #beautiful, #realistic, 1 #cute #sexy #hot #jellyfish #girl, #bubbles, #glowing, deep #sea \(#deepSea\), #dark
	Negative prompt: blush,fewer fingers,(low quality, worst quality:1.4), (bad anatomy), (inaccurate limb:1.2),bad composition, inaccurate eyes, extra digit,fewer digits,easynegative,monochrome, zombie,overexposure, watermark,text,bad hand,extra hands,extra fingers,too many fingers,fused fingers,bad arm,distorted arm,extra arms,fused arms,extra legs,missing leg,disembodied leg,extra nipples, detached arm, liquid hand,inverted hand,disembodied limb, oversized head,extra body, extra navel,easynegative,(hair between eyes),sketch, duplicate, ugly, text, logo, worst face, (bad and mutated hands:1.3), (blurry:2.0), geometry, bad_prompt, (bad hands), (missing fingers), multiple limbs, bad anatomy, (interlocked fingers:1.2), Ugly Fingers, (extra digit and hands and fingers and legs and arms:1.4), ((2girl)), (deformed fingers:1.2), (long fingers:1.2),(bad-artist-anime), bad-artist, bad hand, extra legs ,(ng_deepnegative_v1_75t), naked, breasts, nude, nsfw, no clothes
	Steps: 20, Sampler: DPM++ 2M Karras, CFG scale: 7, Seed: 1270640879, Size: 540x960, Model hash: ec6f68ea63, Model: lyriel_v16, Version: v1.3.2


![Example Post](example-post.png)

# Find me

- [BadToxic Discord Server](https://discord.gg/8QMCm2d)
- [Instagram Main](http://instagram.com/xybadtoxic)
- [Instagram AI](http://instagram.com/badtoxicai)
- [Instagram Developer](http://instagram.com/badtoxicdev)
- [Twitter Main](https://twitter.com/BadToxic)
- [Twitter AI](https://twitter.com/BadToxicAI)
- [TikTok](https://www.tiktok.com/@badtoxic)
- [Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/xybadtoxic)

Commit message:

New feature: Default tags in config file. Fixed bug: tags generated wrong when LoRA was used.

README.md, after:

# twitter-image-poster
Post (random) images on Twitter.

Created for posting pictures created with [Auto1111](https://github.com/AUTOMATIC1111) Stable Diffusion AI.<br>
It will automatically use tags (__/\B(\#[a-zA-Z0-9]+\b)/g__) from the positive prompt that is stored in the png meta data of the generated images as text in the Twitter post.

## Instructions
1. Checkout or download this project.
2. Install [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/download) if not done before.
3. Type __npm install__ in __cmd__ in the root folder of this project to install all needed packages.
4. Set your Twitter API in the __config.js__ (find them on https://developer.twitter.com/en/portal/dashboard, login and create an app __with writing rights__).
5. (Optional) You can add tags to the __defaultTags__ string in the __config.js__ file that will always be used.
6. Put your images in the __images__ folder.
7. npm start

Posted images will be moved to the foler __images-sent__ if exists (must be created if wanted).

## Single post or repeating

Switch (comment in/out) between the following code blocks in __image-tweeter.js__ at the end of the file:

	tweetRandomImage();
	
For posting only one image directly, or

	setInterval(() => {
		tweetRandomImage();
	}, config.repeatSeconds * 1000);
	
To post repeatedly every __repeatSeconds__ seconds (can be changed in the __config.js__ file).

## Example

Result of an image that contains the following Meta data:

	octane render \(#octaneRender\), #hdr, (#hyperdetailed:1.15), (soft light\(#softLight\), #sharp:1.2), #beautiful, #realistic, 1 #cute #sexy #hot #jellyfish #girl, #bubbles, #glowing, deep #sea \(#deepSea\), #dark
	Negative prompt: blush,fewer fingers,(low quality, worst quality:1.4), (bad anatomy), (inaccurate limb:1.2),bad composition, inaccurate eyes, extra digit,fewer digits,easynegative,monochrome, zombie,overexposure, watermark,text,bad hand,extra hands,extra fingers,too many fingers,fused fingers,bad arm,distorted arm,extra arms,fused arms,extra legs,missing leg,disembodied leg,extra nipples, detached arm, liquid hand,inverted hand,disembodied limb, oversized head,extra body, extra navel,easynegative,(hair between eyes),sketch, duplicate, ugly, text, logo, worst face, (bad and mutated hands:1.3), (blurry:2.0), geometry, bad_prompt, (bad hands), (missing fingers), multiple limbs, bad anatomy, (interlocked fingers:1.2), Ugly Fingers, (extra digit and hands and fingers and legs and arms:1.4), ((2girl)), (deformed fingers:1.2), (long fingers:1.2),(bad-artist-anime), bad-artist, bad hand, extra legs ,(ng_deepnegative_v1_75t), naked, breasts, nude, nsfw, no clothes
	Steps: 20, Sampler: DPM++ 2M Karras, CFG scale: 7, Seed: 1270640879, Size: 540x960, Model hash: ec6f68ea63, Model: lyriel_v16, Version: v1.3.2


![Example Post](example-post.png)

# Find me

- [BadToxic Discord Server](https://discord.gg/8QMCm2d)
- [Instagram Main](http://instagram.com/xybadtoxic)
- [Instagram AI](http://instagram.com/badtoxicai)
- [Instagram Developer](http://instagram.com/badtoxicdev)
- [Twitter Main](https://twitter.com/BadToxic)
- [Twitter AI](https://twitter.com/BadToxicAI)
- [TikTok](https://www.tiktok.com/@badtoxic)
- [Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/xybadtoxic)
